
Markets
A plus to marketing is to know customers to serve customers through "...pricing, distribution channels, social media, sales activities, ...
Product update and promotions come from decisions of "...

pricing, packaging, service specifications, new products or services, sourcing, manufacturing, software development, technology precurement, trade secrets, bundling, etc.

Be inspired by what can happen next. Tactics can possibly be small little ideas in form from miniture business plan producings. Just run them down a line of a list of challenges, and possibilities.

"Concrete specifics" are different then strategy it's the results in action with progress, results, and conditions (change or problems). conditions from concrete specifics are also just "... milestones, measurements, assumptions, and a schedule for regular review and revisions."
Scheduling a review can be telling of who will prepare the review presentation and it gives an action and live theme to the planning process.
Tallying assumptions makes inventory for benefits, management of projects, forcast fo change, and assumptions. ("review and revise").
"Just as you need tactics to execute strategy, so too you need milestones to execute tactics. Look of r a close match between tactics and milestones."
A team a business consulating, banker and an investor can all be useful resourxes for writing a business plan. Lean Business planning is buy Tim Berry from Movitatoinal press, 2015 and LeanPlan.com, The book is free on the website, "Lean Business means avoiding waste and doing only what has value." Then "The StartUp Checklist" by David S. rose A lean business plan has reviews and decisions,list, and performance forcast. Verbiage?(term)
A business starter should know about strategy challenges events and funding for what they are going to do and what they are watching. Business planning doesn't have to end because improvements can be prosperous and continuous. heave(?term) for recovery . Simple business planning strategies can beat out change because it is frequently tracked and attended to.
"Running a business effectively requires minding the details but also watching the horizon. It's a matter of keeping your eyes up (looking at what's happening on the field around you) and your eyes down (dealing with the ball) at the same time ..."
Accountability is processed and created during business creation steps because then it balances expectations with results for presentation.
"In good teams, teh negative feedback is in the metric itself ..." Events can change with alignment of metrics (measurement) and assumptions; with loss of collaboration.
Just because a business plan has projections of spending and expense revenue doesn't mean it's nothing more than accounting.
"Accounting goes from today backward in time, in exact detail. Planning goes forward into the future into the future, in ever- increasing summary and aggregation..."
Accounting reports may most likely be found in a database.
Markets
+++============+++
"Chapter 4: Market Analysis & Organization"
A Market Research Approach is detailed in a whole nother part of a business planning explaining business structure(organization).
This can be one of the largest sections of the writing.
What is the industry and how far will it go?
What will make it last? How does my business match or fit in?
An industry detailed in a market research section of a business plan has a range of previous and current and future growth from behavior with trends from customer groups. These are all good for preparing and forming the writing. Characteristics help define a target market for different markets. This means if a target market's "... age, gender, ethnicity or job ..." are different the details help identify a market. 
Software and studies can help you find the size. Describe declines and pike sales from a range of 10 years. Division can help with market share calculations of "projected sales" paired up with shares of a whole for an industry contribution (%100) 
If a market share has just 2 or 4% that's still a valuable contribution." From where are your customers coming? Is there room for you in the mix?"
Attractiveness in products will reflect in pricing margins. This plus gross should be researched and formed with. Pricing systems could form Gross Margins. Price the "marketing mix" price + product + promotion + place
Price should support productions, expenses, and profit.
To build quality operation. Brake even is when all things are covered and don't bring a surprise debt.
+++============+++

Break even numbers can produce calculations for:
Total cost, Fixed, and Variable cost, revenue, selling price, ... Quantity.
Profit is when Break even numbers are surpassed.
Profit calculations come from Quantity, break even, and selling price for profit.
A break even formula can be altered by any cost changes form ingrediant prices and running the establihment
"Knowing your break-even point unlocks may different metrics about your business."
Cost can take a pike upwards during different planned selling periods. They can have tracked ranks.
"You can raise and lower your price as you go, but you have to start somewhere, so choose a number."
Then the question of comparibility to the cost ofcompetitors. Profit should meet profit margins that keep the establishment open.
After that prices can require more structure for promos and selling startegy.
A Business owner should look at yearly profits form margins and targets 
("... gross margin target ...")
+++============+++

Marketing section
An appendix on a business plan can help lead the reader to a reference. The detail during market studying should be still at a minimum because the writer could always be refered to the appendix. The competition analyzing should be done in this section also.
Are there seasonal markets to start or stop at?
What other type of competitors or influencers may impact you?
Does this market have sad trends like "... changing technology or no qualified personnel ..."
What are this businesses aspirations? What are their strengths and weaknesses.
Chart: Opportunities Sales Passion Threats Competition Do  a pricing strategy. This could be the longest section of a business plan.
Look towards concise wording.
In the management section put in info about ownership, profiles, qualifications, salarys/benefits, promos and options, requirements(?), instruction(?)
Be visual with charts(organization), illustrations(works board members),
What type of business is this company?
Partnership: sole proprietor, general or limited? Is it a C or S corporation.
The organization info to list: "... Name; Percentage; of Ownership; How much this person is involved in the company; Form of ownership ..."
Then add people detail: "...Name, Position ..., responsibilities, education, experience and skills, prior employment, Industry recognition, special skills, community involvement or community services, Number of years with the company, compensation or salary, other achievements, as you deem fit."
Give info or resumes of the board of directors and info on whether they are paid or need to be paid.
You organize. You write your business plan for a burger house the same way you stack your burger.

Service and product details are important information to share in a custom part of a business plan. I can even include sales, management, and marketing
A simple description of a product is telling about stage of developement including features.
Products can create reports of stages that resemble a lifecycle: starting (intro), developing - youthlike, complete, pausing.
Attributes to these can be the same with just changes or upgrades of cost or values:
promotoins, pricing - promotional aims (investors, sales, advocates) location, practices
A developing - youth like stage breads a growth in constantness, customer acceptance, more targets to promote to, distribution expansions.
A product that is complete is mature-like. Their business moves near more competitive business or the reverse and both. The prices can raise for the same reasons they lower. They can lower for more competition or raise because of so much more value.
The pausing of a product is like a decline stage that signals get new features reduce cost or better yourself or the product can be gone.
One stage of products lifetime can be altered by any above factors before you get to the next stage.
Add here also legal agreements, info, and patents pending or complete, Research + Development extras/
List
An investor or other plan viewer may see price product promotion. Place info all within marketing details.
Sales Management with marketing could contain another 1 - 2 page long section of a business outline.
The strategies within these list should be:
Entrance (promo), Growth (Development Stage), Distribution/ Similiar Connecting, Marketing sales/ winning sales for employees.
Winning sales from employees tracking can cover bonus, rewards, commission or more.
+++============+++

The Appendix can be placed as part of a business plan serving as a reference to other locations of the writing.
It can point to seperator sections and one individual investor or employee, and also reports or credit to history, resumes, item pictures, "letters of reference", studies, testings, Legal details, leases, contracts, permits, licenses and patents

Helpful websites
Entrepreneur.com
Entrepreneur Business Plan Templates
Bplans.com
Bplans Business Planning Calculators
Smarta.com - 500 sample business pans 
Kickstarter - Kickstarter Business tools
Business Plan: Quickstart Writers/ Authors
www.clydebankmedia.com
info@clydebankmedia.com

Chapter 9: business Planning
"... Generate leads and and referrals ... Research your audience ... Introduce yourself before pitching ... Meet people in person whenever possible ... Overcome objections ... Take a page form the salesmen's book ... Always operate your business with impeccable integrity ... Evaluate your decisions and priorities daily ... Always seek new experiences ... Don't be afraid to leap ... Always be on the lookout for opportunity ... Honesty evaluate your strengths and weaknesses ..."
