
Founderfocus
A prize company has a name, website, testings, networkers, and product samples all to make a quality investment.
If a cofounder has had "basic relationships"
If companies had basic relationships with founders a venture finds equity.
A founder says, " I have handled debts, who comes in and who goies out, bought commerical plates for a car, and designed a 401(K) plan since the starting of this company."
So many founders may take on roles dealing with liability and proprietorship: sole proprietorship corporations, LLC - Limited Liability Company, and partnerships.
A business may apply for funds based on their status developed or under developed. So sculpting your investment options that match your business to find structure becomes real.
A business may sore to incorporation once they have at least one or any partners, employees, investers, customers, grants, "a need for a bank account", a source to sell or, "...potential liability".
There are "Benefits to Incorporation ... once the company is incorporated, the law considers it to be a separate, free standing entity that can do most of the things that a real person can do."
An incorporated company has limited liability their debts are handled by the company instead of a person.
benefits, company, investment

Founderfocus
"The second essential attribute of a corportation is that its ownership is divided into "shares." that means there can be an unlimited number of "owners" of any given company. For example, there are about 2.5 million different owners of Exxon Mobil Corportation."
A C corporatoion motivate says Delaware is a best state to create or bring a business because alot of peopl;de in a network live there like it's some "tax haven."
Delaware Department of State Divisions of Corporations can aid with company name creation, finding agents, and forms processing on their website:
https://icis.corp.delaware.gov/Ecorp/EntitySearch/NameSearch.aspx
https://corp.delaware.gov/newentit09.shtml
Business services:
http://www.delawareinc.com
CT Corporation and Corportation Services Company
Harvard Business services
"Form a Delaware Corporation:
Patents for a company name - uspto.gov or godaddy.com
- U.S. Patent and Trademark Office
Short spellings are good for a name they have few letters and slyobles
Tote.com changed to pinterest.com bexuse it was more digital.
Rights to use a name can change in a different state.
