
ManagementBusiness
Steps for a plan:
activities with colums for descriptoin, duration, preprequiste task, relationships, diagram, start time (earliest), finish time (earliest), project analysis (overall)
If an activity takes days over hours you know what free time, prep time and transition times.
Charts can be different designs with one column showing just activities to various date(comparisons). The chart can have arrows to show progress planning with numerals for steps to task and arrows or dotted line (pauses). This shows task to project status. Some have legends and some don't. they can be more visual with more graphics to one. Pert and gant charts are all different type designs amongst others (bar, flow).
My Custom:
circle with blocks to identify components and arrows for task (image)
Schedule methods determine planning event timing, task timelines, + team members. Tracking and recordings can pave scheduling altogether.
Management software can outline habits form types of users and inherent them(strategies).
*page 56 Says see sideBar? -Found
Software: tools for budgeting - a calculator, scheduling - text editor, charting - spreedsheets, editing calender features, templates, and alerts.
Budgets reflect current funds planned expendetures.
Sponsors expect consistent spending and may require no alternative plans away form approved ones.
Staffing, training, earnings, travel, supplies, locatons, research, equipment maintenance, fees
Overlook budgets form a draft and check off for flexibility.
20 Minute Manager: Managing Projects by Harvard Business Review Press
An implementation phase can bring on an projects objectives lon before the project begans.
The project can require preparation for motivation (positive attitudes), errors, previous complaints, issues. 
Details can warn from any upcoming pitfalls.
Handling progress - proceed can envolve looking through a scope and sizing up an outline. This helps with delegating assignments and searching for flexibility.
Task - routine schedules, event skills,
"As project manager, you're responsible for the overall project. So don't delegate tasks that only you can perform, such as monitoring the budget."
Over the years "command and control" has gone. "trust and track" has replace it. Instead of looking over the team members shoulder with do to do, the team member has to remember everything.
Technical task should match technical issues while simple task should match simple issues
"Most project managers use software fpr everthing except ver small undertakings."
Focus for management can contain goals, activities, elements, bottlenects, and controls/tools
Progress reports should be timily.
Do more than monitoring have a rescue plan.
There can be proof skilled team members They kcould show independance.
Milestones matchup achievements and consequences, pairing them up.
Budget tally quality spending to over budgeting.
Things can tick off
unexpected bills/ fees 
a price goes upwards or downwards at times
wages
payment types
spending room for on the fly spending
Advice needed
Any unexpected cost for space or training.
p. 74 figure 5 has a guide 

Expect change when times are tough. Expect change when a projects problems are hard to handle.
Just because things move smooth don't pump up the speed. don't cross the lane till the light changes go and, don't turn on deals that may blow down to done.
Every one should agree - stakeholders"... you also must remind stakeholders hat they can't increase scope without also increasing the budget, adding time, or both. A manager that reports delays may go over change withing features, schedules, and budgets. Subsitutes cost, incentives, counseling, or deadlines all work of this.
To rescue a budget talk reduction of expenses and task; savings on purchases; then report to other members, about cost and resources.
The smallest flinch in cost is easier to look like on a budget tweak then a big budget blunder.
When one issue arises the next issue may trigger a manager. to place more then one company rescue option on a trijactory.
Team Structure Problems are on page 83
-text 20 Minute Manager: Managing Projects