
EmployeesWebsitesBusiness
A Business can benifit form employee renderings of experiences. There talents can include sharing lessons or guidance.
denizen? - dweller
Different roles in employees owrk like values and are good for components
"In our fluid, capitalistic, free-market society, the marketplace is generally efficient about assigning relative economic value to each of these funtional roles, based upon both the direct result of their contribution to the enterprise and their scarcity in the job market."
A team can help with ideas obiously. Entrepreneurship can be made up of the functions of business practices. Start with everything a business role has such as a mission or vission to communicating and uniques and risk taking.
augment - add
The business owner learns what skills can be added to each other to discover functionality. They know about scopes through roles. "... the lion's share of the rewards will (after adjusting for the cost of capital) go to the entreprenuerial role..." Ecquire website gave a Quora by Paul DeJoe on what a founder is.
Why they have (sic) I don't know?
gravitate - to move or tend to move toward something.
Team members are learning they have expectations to fill.
"If you are hoping to launch your new business in partnership with one or more people you consider friends, there is a hard truth to face: Be prepared to lose the friendship."
A team member becomes prepared to address expectations.
The work to know definitions, profits details, plans, roles, timing o steps, tools or skills, find decision makers.
A business needs to know how rewards would be given.

++++================+++++ 

Notes on Business Planning
What the business:
gain
learn
What did they use to be prepared
Strategy
Commitment
Influencers and Drivers
Value identity

++++================+++++ 

Websites say fair 50/50 equity isnot the pathway it's allocation. Various:
"Do Not Split Equity Between Founders Equally" - Martin Awilling at the businessinsider.com
"Founders Dilemmas: Equity Splits" - Eric Ries at statuplessonslearned.com
When sorting out winning skills founders searching for quality.
One founder to the next could be a firestarter versus a stamina ridden founder, a skill packed leader with knowledge, the social elite with top connections, or a supportive muestar for purchasing power. These are all contributions from sweet equity to "cash in a venture." Their cash funds are interchanged similiar to bartering for a value source like a skill or service. This is a seperation or tally of aspects for a new venture.
Ending success values are different then a $5 - 10 hour (?) sweat equity or a startup venture ida of $25,000 per hour.
Replacement cost can tally a next skill that works as another person for each addition skill or service from one person.
The post that gives a view of components to reward employees is "The Founders' Pie Calculator" a calculator at andrew.cmu.edu/user/fd0n/35...Founders'PieCalculator.htm
A business plan can pin point differences. Commitment and risk: the chicken is the eater the pig dives in for a grind - Chicken risk to pig commitment.
"Domain Expertise" compilation of resources for knowledge, skill, and contact.
With responsibilities a founder finds and searches for contributions and placing members on the force. Equity can change.
Equity: "Technically , the phrase itself has zero meaning other than as a bold accounting fact."
"One share one vote" helps identify content in a shareholder agreement used for choosing founders and leaders of the company.







