
Investors
Freelance and entrepreneurship are different because freelancers work like employees with "output" of cash and time tracking.Through some can be similiar to a firm with projects and clients.
A startup may be successful it plans for equity growth.
Being a freelancer may be a step to becoming an entrepreneur beginner.
Types of Business owners:
investors, l skill investor, assistent to owners, hobbiest followers, and even highly skilled businesses.
Venture capital firms are firms that do businesses by starting promotions/ campaigns (?)
They are the Angel entrepreneur that's 10% and backs/ supports start ups/ "new ventures"
The angel investor Farrah Khan used it to build skills and friends then a portfolio.

When the example angel investor achieved steps in her career she used it to talk positive about herself.
A company can raise capital for angel investors to give a sum of money to. Investors can use the option to work with a specified topic group. An Invesor can later become a CEO.
"When you're an Advisor, you don't invest capital - your currency is your experience."
A company can grow from having no employees sales or finance.
The example about an advisor writes that Beth Ferreira led at Fab.com were growth in sales started and with employees once she came plus she had a job a the Etsy company. Then this credibiity made her a high demand as an advisor by successful companies. Advisors get compensated with stock. "... help with anything from making key introductions o creating a set of financial projections, reviewing a lease, designing a logo, or preparing marketing or fundraising materials. A rule as an advisor can be earning to equity, skills, knowledge, challenges, network, roles (Angel ...
